doc: nfc: clean up documentation (#2245)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/nfc/lib_nfc_t2t_programming.rst

> .. _lib_nfc_t2t_programming:

Reviewer: Yes. I think we can use code from NCS for demonstration purposes even though this will reside in nrfxlib

Programming a tag
#################

To program a tag, use the precompiled :ref:`nrfxlib:nfc_api_type2`.

Complete the following steps:

1. Implement a callback function that handles events from the Type 2 Tag library and register it:

   .. code-block:: c

>       uint32_t  err_code;
>       /* Callback for NFC events */
>       static void nfc_callback(void * context, nfc_t2t_event_t event, const uint8_t * p_data, size_t data_length)
>       {
>       ...
>       }
>       /* Set up NFC and register application callback for NFC events. */
>       err_code = nfc_t2t_setup(nfc_callback, NULL);
>       APP_ERROR_CHECK(err_code);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      int err;
      /* Callback for NFC events */
      static void nfc_callback(void * context,
                               enum nfc_t4t_event event,
                               const u8_t * data,
                               size_t data_length,
                               u32_t flags)
      {
      ...
      }
      /* Set up NFC and register application callback for NFC events. */
      err = nfc_t2t_setup(nfc_callback, NULL);
      if (err) {
		printk("Cannot setup NFC T2T library!\n");
		return err;
      }
```

   The NFCT interrupt handler runs at priority level APP_LOW.

#. Configure the data for the tag.
   You can provide the data as NDEF message (recommended, see :ref:`lib_nfc_ndef`) or as a raw TLV structure (advanced usage, see Type 2 Tag :ref:`lib_nfc_t2t_data_format`).

   * Set an NDEF message:

     .. code-block:: c

>         uint8_t ndef_msg_buf[] = ...; // Buffer with the user NDEF message
>         uint32_t len           = sizeof(ndef_msg_buf);
>         /* Set created message as the NFC payload. */
>         err_code = nfc_t2t_payload_set(ndef_msg_buf, len);
>         APP_ERROR_CHECK(err_code);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        u8_t ndef_msg_buf[] = ...; // Buffer with the user NDEF message
        u32_t len           = sizeof(ndef_msg_buf);
        /* Set created message as the NFC payload. */
        err = nfc_t2t_payload_set(ndef_msg_buf, len);
        if (err) {
        	printk("Cannot set payload!\n");
        	return err;
        }
```

   * Alternatively, set a TLV structure:

     .. code-block:: c

>         uint8_t tlv_buf[] = ...; // Buffer with the user TLV structure
>         uint32_t len           = sizeof(tlv_buf);
>         /* Set created TLV structure as the NFC payload. */
>         err_code = nfc_t2t_payload_raw_set(tlv_buf, len);
>         APP_ERROR_CHECK(err_code);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        u8_t tlv_buf[] = ...; // Buffer with the user TLV structure
        u32_t len           = sizeof(tlv_buf);
        /* Set created TLV structure as the NFC payload. */
        err = nfc_t2t_payload_raw_set(tlv_buf, len);
        if (err) {
        	printk("Cannot set raw payload!\n");
        	return err;
        }
```

#. Activate the NFC tag so that it starts sensing and reacts when an NFC field is detected:

   .. code-block:: c

>       /* Start sensing NFC field. */
>       err_code = nfc_t2t_emulation_start();
>       APP_ERROR_CHECK(err_code)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      /* Start sensing NFC field. */
      err = nfc_t2t_emulation_start();
      if (err) {
           printk("Cannot start emulation!\n");
           return err;
      }
```
